---
path: "/100doc/2020-07-22"
date: "2020-07-22"
tags: ["100daysofcode"]
excerpt: "Making the blog look good"
title: "Let's Start Styling"
day: "5"
---

## Day 5

Four days into \#100daysofcode. I was over the white so I've added a little color. Like most things so far it's pretty basic, the main thing I wanted to do was figure out how to set the background color since the HTML is auto-generated by Gatsby at build time. I tend to like off-whites and soft grays when I design sites even though I use dark mode on everything I can.

I mock interviewed a former coworker today. He was laid off a few months ago and has a final stage interview with Amazon and I wanted to help him prepare. I found out that Amazon weighs the behavioral part of the interview rather highly, about as much as the coding. I realized how rusty I was at asking behavioral questions. I did a lot of interviews at my old company and most had one or two behavioral questions that moved on to code. I've also done a lot of tech screens and on-campus interviews that were pretty much just low difficulty coding questions. I definitely need to get better at asking and evaluating behavioral questions.

It was an interesting experience to hear someone else give answers to "tell me about a time..." when you know the exact situation and other people they are talking about. I was able to give him both general feedback how he answered and specific feedback about other details in the situation that I think could have been mentioned. I suggest you try this with a coworker or two, find out what stood out to them from their perspective.
